new tutorial for find the easy pass of hackthebox challenges. (#63)
rizinorg/book: src/crackmes/hackthebox/find-the-easy-pass/bonus.md

# Bonus

In the previous pages, we discovered the right password
but is it calculated or hard-coded.

go to the address `0x00454084`

![bonus-01](./img/bonus-01.png)

> Look the address `0x00454188`

Reviewer: you should explain why you need to look at those addresses.
Why there and how did you get that address.

Author: I developed the why those addresses.

# Bonus

In the previous pages, we discovered the right password

> but is it calculated or hard-coded.

Author: I applied your suggestions.

# Bonus

In the previous pages, we found out the the right password.
Now, we can figure out whether it is calculated at runtime or
hard-coded into the binary.

To do this, we will look at what happens from the
beginning of the current function from the
address `0x00454084`.

> 
> go to the address `0x00454084`.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

As a first, we'll go to the address `0x00454084`.

```

![bonus-01](./img/bonus-01.png)

Take a break and observe the assembly code.
You will see a repeating code sequence :

```assembly
mov eax, [ebp - X] ; or X is between 0x8 and 0x24
mov edx, Y ; or Y is between 0x00454188  and 0x004541d0
```

Look the address `0x00454188`.

![bonus-02](./img/bonus-02.png)

![bonus-03](./img/bonus-03.png)

Pay attention to the previous picture. You can see the password
broken down letter by letter.

> 
> The routine concatenates each letter into a string and compares
> it to a user input.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

We can see that the routine is concatenating each letter into a string and compares
it to a user input.
```
